feat(kubernetes): create an installation section (#10511)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/installation/kubernetes-integration-install-configure.mdx

import kubernetesEks from 'images/kubernetes_logo_eks.png'

> The easiest way to install the Kubernetes integration is to use our guided install to generate a manifest. It bundles not just the integration DaemonSets, but also other New Relic Kubernetes configurations, like [Kubernetes events](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/kubernetes-events/install-kubernetes-events-integration), [Prometheus Agent](/docs/infrastructure/prometheus-integrations/install-configure-prometheus-agent/install-prometheus-agent/), and [New Relic log monitoring](/docs/logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The New Relic Kubernetes integration gives you full observability into the health and performance of your environment by leveraging the New Relic infrastructure agent to collect metrics from your cluster alongside various other New Relic integrations such as the [Kubernetes events integration](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/kubernetes-events/install-kubernetes-events-integration), the [Prometheus Agent](/docs/infrastructure/prometheus-integrations/install-configure-prometheus-agent/install-prometheus-agent/), and the [New Relic log plugin](/docs/logs).
```

Author: This sentence is toooo long. I've added a period:
"...by leveraging the New Relic infrastructure agent. This agent collects metrics..."

You have these options to install the Kubernetes integration:

> * Download the [New Relic Kubernetes quickstart](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/kubernetes). This quickstart includes pre-built resources like dashboards, instrumentations, and alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [New Relic Kubernetes quickstart](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/kubernetes) which takes you through our guided install flow and additionally sets up pre-built resources such as dashboards and alerts.
```

Author: Done.

> * Follow the [automated and guided install](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/k8s-cluster-explorer-nerdlet.cluster-explorer-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYy5ucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYyIsInBhdGgiOiJndWlkZWQiLCJlbnYiOiJrdWJlcm5ldGVzIiwiaW5pdGlhbEFjdGlvbkluZGV4IjpudWxsLCJhY3Rpb25JbmRleCI6MX0=). If you follow Kubernetes guided install [docs](#guided-install) you have these options to install the Kubernetes integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [automated and guided install](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/k8s-cluster-explorer-nerdlet.cluster-explorer-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYy5ucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYyIsInBhdGgiOiJndWlkZWQiLCJlbnYiOiJrdWJlcm5ldGVzIiwiaW5pdGlhbEFjdGlvbkluZGV4IjpudWxsLCJhY3Rpb25JbmRleCI6MX0=) flow. If you follow Kubernetes guided install docs below you have these options to install the Kubernetes integration:
```

Author: Done.

  * New Relic CLI
  * [Helm](https://onenr.io/0Y8wpoYJJQO). See [Install the Kubernetes integration using Helm](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/installation/install-kubernetes-integration-using-helm)
  * Manifest

> As a Kubernetes user, you might consider [Auto-telemetry with Pixie](/docs/auto-telemetry-pixie/get-started-auto-telemetry-pixie) for deeper insights into your Kubernetes clusters and workloads. No language agents required.

Reviewer 2: @nbaenam this is the first time I've seen anything that differentiates the Kubernetes integration from the Pixie integration. Is there more information like this somewhere? As a user, do I need to get into the installation instructions before I understand the difference between these two products?

<Callout variant="tip">

>   If your New Relic account [is in the EU region](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/get-started/our-eu-us-region-data-centers), access the guided install from **[one.eu.newrelic.com](http://one.eu.newrelic.com/launcher/k8s-cluster-explorer-nerdlet.cluster-explorer-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYy5ucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYyIsInBhdGgiOiJndWlkZWQiLCJlbnYiOiJrdWJlcm5ldGVzIiwiaW5pdGlhbEFjdGlvbkluZGV4IjpudWxsLCJhY3Rpb25JbmRleCI6MX0=)**.

Reviewer 2: @nbaenam this callout seems premature here. Shouldn't it be down in the "Use guided install" section when I might be ready to start the guided installation?

import kubernetesEks from 'images/kubernetes_logo_eks.png'

The easiest way to install the Kubernetes integration is to use our guided install to generate a manifest. It bundles not just the integration DaemonSets, but also other New Relic Kubernetes configurations, like [Kubernetes events](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/kubernetes-events/install-kubernetes-events-integration), [Prometheus Agent](/docs/infrastructure/prometheus-integrations/install-configure-prometheus-agent/install-prometheus-agent/), and [New Relic log monitoring](/docs/logs).

You have these options to install the Kubernetes integration:

> * Downloading the [New Relic Kubernetes quickstart](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/kubernetes). The quickstart includes pre-built resources like dashboards, instrumentations, and alerts.

Reviewer 3: I am not familiar with the quickstart, but makes me wonder (as a user) whether I need to do both things. Will the quickstart guide me through the installation? Do I need to do it before following the steps on this page?

Author: I've removed it because @csongnr agrees with your comment.

> * Downloading the [New Relic Kubernetes quickstart](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/kubernetes). The quickstart includes pre-built resources like dashboards, instrumentations, and alerts.

Author: Changed!

> * Following the [automated and guided install](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/k8s-cluster-explorer-nerdlet.cluster-explorer-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYy5ucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYyIsInBhdGgiOiJndWlkZWQiLCJlbnYiOiJrdWJlcm5ldGVzIiwiaW5pdGlhbEFjdGlvbkluZGV4IjpudWxsLCJhY3Rpb25JbmRleCI6MX0=). If you follow [Kubernetes guided install](#guided-install) you have these options to install the Kubernetes integration:

Author: One link is the guided install inside our product. Another link is for our docs. I've made a modification for clarification. Good catch!

> The easiest way to install the Kubernetes integration is to use our guided install to generate a manifest. It bundles not just the integration DaemonSets, but also other New Relic Kubernetes configurations, like [Kubernetes events](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/kubernetes-events/install-kubernetes-events-integration), [Prometheus OpenMetrics](/docs/integrations/prometheus-integrations/get-started/new-relic-prometheus-openmetrics-integration-kubernetes), and [New Relic log monitoring](/docs/logs).

Reviewer 4: @nbaenam All references to Prometheus OpenMetrics should be replaced with the new Prometheus Agent.

https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/prometheus-integrations/install-configure-prometheus-agent/install-prometheus-agent/

  >

>     The Kubernetes integration monitors worker nodes. In Amazon EKS, master nodes are managed by Amazon and abstracted from the Kubernetes platforms.

Author: Done.

    id="install-google-kubernetes-engine"
    title={<><img src={kubernetesCke} alt="CKE" style={{ verticalAlign: 'middle' }}/>Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)</>}
  >

>     The Kubernetes integration monitors worker nodes. Google manages the master nodes in GKE and abstracts from the Kubernetes platforms.

Author: I've added it but removed the passive form. We try to avoid passive sentences.

>     The Kubernetes integration monitors worker nodes. In GKE, Google manages masternodes and they are abstrated from the Kubernetes platforms.

Author: Done.

    id="install-azure-aks"
    title={<><img src={kubernetesAks} alt="AKS" style={{ verticalAlign: 'middle' }}/> Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)</>}
  >

>     The Kubernetes integration monitors worker nodes. Azure manages the master nodes in Azure Kubernetes Service and abstracts from the Kubernetes platforms.

Author: Done.

<InstallFeedback />

### Use guided install [#installer]

> We encourage you to use our guided install for servers, VMs, and unprivileged environments. The guided install can provide you either a Helm command with the required values filled, or a plain manifest if you don't want to use Helm. It also offers control over which features are enabled and which data is collected. If you are installing our integration on a managed cloud, please take a look at these [preliminary notes](#cloud-platforms) before proceeding.

Reviewer 2: @nbaenam I don't think we need a comma in this since there's no subject in the second half of the sentence: "The guided install can provide you either a Helm command with the required values filled or a plain manifest if you don't want to use Helm.

Maybe we can personalize this more with "you": It also offers you control over which features are enabled and which data is collected.

Before you start the guided install, make sure you have a New Relic account. It's free and no credit card is required.

> If your New Relic account [is in the EU region](/docs/using-new-relic/welcome-new-relic/get-started/our-eu-us-region-data-centers), choose the EU install option.

Reviewer 2: @nbaenam I'm not sure if this is quite right. I don't see an EU option in the UI. Rather, I think users need to start from the EU link: [one.eu.newrelic.com](http://one.eu.newrelic.com/launcher/k8s-cluster-explorer-nerdlet.cluster-explorer-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYy5ucjEtaW5zdGFsbC1uZXdyZWxpYyIsInBhdGgiOiJndWlkZWQiLCJlbnYiOiJrdWJlcm5ldGVzIiwiaW5pdGlhbEFjdGlvbkluZGV4IjpudWxsLCJhY3Rpb25JbmRleCI6MX0=)

Could we add a third button for the EU?

<InstallFeedback />

### Use guided install [#installer]

> We encourage you to use our guided install for servers, VMs, and unprivileged environments. The guided install can provide you either a Helm command with the required values filled, or a plain manifest if you don't want to use Helm. It also features great customizability and full control over which features and dependencies are enabled. If you are installing our integration on a managed cloud, please take a look at these [preliminary notes](#cloud-platforms) before proceeding.

Author: The _Kubernetes guided install_ section is in the kubernetes-integration-install-configure.mdx file, you're adding this comment in this file. Am I missing something?

> We encourage you to use our guided install for servers, VMs, and unprivileged environments. The guided install can provide you either a Helm command with the required values filled, or a plain manifest if you don't want to use Helm. It also features great customizability and full control over which features and dependencies are enabled. If you are installing our integration on a managed cloud, please take a look at these [preliminary notes](#cloud-platforms) before proceeding.

Reviewer: Please take a look at this page in your build : https://build-3ad093b6-9ef4-4ce5-9894-1758fc96bc4a.gatsbyjs.io/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/installation/kubernetes-integration-install-configure/ the information below `Kubernetes Guided Install` is repeated lower in the page under `Use guided install`. This comment is on the kubernetes-integration-install-configure.mdx file.

> We encourage you to use our guided install for servers, VMs, and unprivileged environments. The guided install can provide you either a Helm command with the required values filled, or a plain manifest if you don't want to use Helm. It also features great customizability and full control over which features and dependencies are enabled. If you are installing our integration on a managed cloud, please take a look at these [preliminary notes](#cloud-platforms) before proceeding.

Reviewer: <img width="632" alt="Screen Shot 2023-01-25 at 9 13 59 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115833851/214633637-7d421d1b-5959-4177-a78e-937e7116ee7b.png">
 the information above the `Important` box and the information below `Use guided Install` is the same, just worded slightly differently
